//Steam/HL2/CSGO Launch Commands

 * Check your PC specs and add SetLaunchOptions as you need *

My PC: Phenom II x4 3.2ghz, 8GB Ram, 1024Mb Video
My SetLaunchOptions: -full -w 1360 -h 768 -32bit -nod3d9ex -novid -console -high -threads 4 -tickrate 128 -processheap -noforcemaccel -noforcemspd -noforcemparms -glmdisablemtgl 1

* -threads - number of cores

---
***Add this to fix CSGO steam crashes, mouse speed, and random freeze.
---
-novid -console -high -threads 4 -tickrate 128 -processheap -noforcemaccel -noforcemspd -noforcemparms

---
***Examples
---
steam.exe -applaunch 280 -dev -console -sw +sv_lan 1 +map MyMap
hl2.exe -game cstrike -dev -console -fullscreen +sv_lan 1 +map de_dust

---
***Command-line parameters
---
-autoconfig - Restores video and performance settings to default for the current hardware detected. Ignores settings inside any .cfg files until this parameter is removed.
-32bit - Forces the engine to start in 32-bit mode. Only useful on 64-bit Operating Systems.
-adapter -
-allowdebug -
-allowstalezip -
-basedir -
-bi -
-bugbait - To do: Is it for Bugbait E3 2003 demo?
-bugreporterdll -
-buildcubemaps -
-condebug - Logs all console output into the console.log text file.
-console - Starts the game with the developer console enabled.
-defaultgamedir -
-demo -
-dev - Enables developer mode. Also disables the automatic loading of menu background maps and stops the quit dialog from appearing on exit.
-dti -
-dumpvidmemstats -
-dxlevel <level> - Forces a specific DirectX version when launching the engine. This is useful if your graphics card is DirectX 9 capable, but a lot faster using only DirectX 8 (e.g. NVidia GeForce FX 5200). Multiply the desired DirectX version to use with ten. E.g. for DirectX 8.0 you would use -dxlevel 80. For DX9 there are three possible values depending on the Shader Model the graphics card supports. See mat_dxlevel.
-edit -
-endgamevid -
-exit - Exits the engine. [confirm]
-filmgrain -
-flushlog - Causes log files to be flushed to disk once per second (rather
than after every 4kbytes of log data).
-forcestartupmenu -
-forever -
-full_memory_dumps -
-fullscreen or -full - Forces the engine to start in fullscreen mode.
-g15 - Enables Logitech G15 support. G15 is only supported in SiN Episodes: Emergence. [confirm]
-game - Sets game or mod directory to load the game from. Default is "hl2".
-gamestatslogging -
-gamestatsloggingtofile -
-h <height> or -height <height>- Forces the engine to start with resolution set to <height>. Ex: -h 768
-heapcheck -
-heapsize <kilobytes> - Specifies the heapsize (in kilobyte) the game will use. This no longer exists on the Source 2009.
-hideconsole -
-high - Sets the game's priority to High
-hijack - Take control of an existing instance of the game, if any, instead of complaining about already running.
-hushasserts -
-hushsteam -
-insecure - Disable VAC.
-internalbuild - Unknown, used in Portal 2 IHV build.
-ip -
-leakcheck -
-low - Sets the game's priority to Low.
-makedevshots - Stops Entities from Fading [confirm]
-makereslists -
-mat_aaquality -
-mat_antialias -
-mat_vsync -
-maxplayers -
-minmemory -
-navanalyze -
-navforceanalyze -
-netspike -
-noassert -
-noborder - When used with the game set to windowed mode, will make the game act as if in fullscreen mode (no window border).
-nobreakpad -
-noclearsave -
-nocrashdialog - Suppresses some 'memory could not be read' unhandled errors.
-nodev -
-nodns -
-noforcemaccel - Use the Windows mouse acceleration settings. Only works if -useforcedmparms is set.
-noforcemspd - Use the Windows mouse speed settings. Only works if -useforcedmparms is set.
-nogamedll -
-nogamestats -
-nohltv -
-noip -
-NoLoadPluginsForClient -
-nomaster -
-nomessagebox -
-nominidumps -
-nomouse -
-nop4 - Forces the Engine to bypass Perforce Integration
-nopreload -
-nopreloadmodels -
-NoQueuedPacketThread -
-norebuildaudio -
-noshaderapi -
-nosound -
-NoVConfig -
-novid - When loading a game with this parameter, the intro Valve video will not play.
-particles -
-phonehome - Unknown, used in Portal 2 IHV build.
-pidfile -
-pme -
-port <variable> - Sets port for a listen server. Default is 27015.
-preload -
-primarysound -
-publicbuild -
-random_invariant -
-replay - increase maxplayers by 1 at startup and automatically execute replay.cfg for the server.
-rebuildaudio -
-recapvid -
-ref -
-refresh <rate> or -refreshrate <rate> or -freq <rate>- Force a specific refresh rate. Ex: -refresh 60
-requirecubemaps -
-resizing -
-reslistdir -
-reuse -
-rpt -
-safe -
-shaderapi -
-sillygibs -
-small -
-sndcachedebug -
-spewsentences -
-startmap -
-startstage -
-steam - Enables Steam support (if the game is launched from Steam, this is enabled by default). Working directory must be Steam directory. Works only for singleplayer games.
-steamlocal - Same as -steam.
-steamport -
-strictportbind - If you launch the game with this option it will quit with an error message if it can't bind to the default or specified port.
-sv_benchmark -
-swapcores -
-tempcontent -
-testscript <filename> - Loads a .vtest file.
-testsub -
-textmessagedebug -
-textmode - Runs the game without graphics
-threads -
-timedemoloop -
-toconsole - Starts the engine directly in the console, unless a map is specified with +map.
-tools - Enables engine tools.
-trackdeletions -
-tvmasteronly -
-usedevshotsfile -
-useforcedmparms - Allows the use of -noforcemspd and -noforcemaccel.
-uselogdir -
-usercon -
-usereslistfile -
-usetcp -
-vcrrecord -
-vguimessages -
-vproject -
-w <width> or -width <width> - Forces the engine to start with resolution set to <width>. Ex: -w 1024
-wavonly - Disables DirectSound and makes the engine attempt to play all sounds in PCM format.
-window or -sw or -startwindowed or -windowed - Forces the engine to start in windowed mode.
-x <x position> - In borderless windowed mode, determines where the window should be horizontally. Ex: -x 0
-y <y position> - In borderless windowed mode, determines where the window should be vertically. Ex: -y 0
+connect - Console Command
+load - Console Command
+mat_hdr_level - Console Command
+maxplayers - Console Command
+playdemo - Console Command
+port - Console Command
+timedemo - Console Command
+timedemoquit - Console Command

---
***Console variables
---
+<console variable> <arg> - Sets the Cvar (or console variable) to the specified setting.
Some useful console variables
+map <map name> - Loads the map specified after the engine starts.
 Note:	the .BSP extension is not needed.
+map_background <map name> - Forces a specified background map to be used. Useful for testing custom background maps. To avoid loading standard background maps for speed reasons, use the -dev command-line parameter.
+sv_lan <0/1> - When set to 1, launches the game in LAN mode. Useful to stop players from joining your game from the Internet.
+sv_cheats <0/1> -- When set to 1, starts the game with cheats enabled.
+physcannon_mega_enabled 1 - Makes Gravity gun a super gravity gun
+cl_showfps <0/1/2/3> -- When set to 2, shows the framerate and map name.